Mention Alt shortcut to toggle visibility recursively (ABC-240) (#551)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.formats.alembic: com.unity.formats.alembic/Documentation~/materials.md

   **Note:** If you leave a material override field set to "None (Material)", the Default Material assignation continues to apply to the submesh.

4. Click on **Apply**.

## Toggle visibility of large hierarchies of submeshes

> Press **Alt** while clicking the drop-down arrow (►) to collapse or un-collapse recursively the hierarchy.

Reviewer: Maybe mention the shortcut for mac?

```suggestion
Press **Alt** on Windows or **Option** on Mac while clicking the drop-down arrow (►) to collapse or un-collapse recursively the hierarchy.
```

> Press **Alt** on Windows or **Option** on Mac while clicking the drop-down arrow (►) to collapse or un-collapse recursively the hierarchy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To quickly expand or collapse the whole sub-hierarchy of any node in the **Meshes / Face Sets** list, click on the arrow beside the node name while pressing **Alt** (on Windows) or **Option** (on macOS).
```
